Project 1 Codepen - https://codepen.io/anthonyy98/pen/eYmjvLG?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Semantic HTML is HTML with meaning. Makes your websites readable by machines.

    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used to structure websites.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute gives more information about html elements. They go in the opening tag of an element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tag are used for the heading of a website, should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The label and input tags. 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document
    The head tag. 

    7. What is an id? 
    An id is a specifc attribute for 1 element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only once, to one element.

    10. What is a class? 
    A class is an attribute you can put on many elements to style them in css.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    Any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    As many times as you need.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Adding an href attribute with a website as its value.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    Its alternate text for an image that can't load.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    Using a "#".

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Sections provide meaning for grouped content, while divs don;t provide meaning but they do provide space and structure in a HTML page.

    17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS is used to style a webpage.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Example:
    h2 {
        color: red;
    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is used to give the same style to a bunch of elements, while an id is used to style something specific. You might use a class to give certain sections the same style, but you'll use an id to style different content within the sections. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Using a period.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    Example:
    p .human {

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
     The parent > child selector selects every child element that is associated the parent element. This would be useful when you what to target elements of a specific parent.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    Example: 
    .sidebar a {

    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    With the line-height property.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    With the letter-spacing property.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    We use uppercase to make everthing capital, lowercase to make everything lowercase, and capitalize to make every first letter of a sentence capital.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    Example : 
    div {
        border: dotted 1px black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Example: 
    * {

    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    Start with /* and end with */.

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    Using the pwd command.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    Using the ls command.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    Using the rm <file> command.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    To track every individual change made to a file.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 minutes, or everytime you change something in your code.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name.

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    1. Create your own version of a repo by forking.
    2. Adding your TL as a collaborator on forked repo.
    3. Copy clone link and clone in terminal, then cd into it.
    4. Create own branch name for repo, then add and commit changes.
    5. When ready push changes into Github repo.
    6. Add TL to the reviewrs and Submit pull request.
    


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?